Whitestone Keep
Kingdom of Caerdonis
Capital

Rough Ideas:
Vaguely early Roman-like, pre Marius in technology and military philosophy.
Think Platos Republic.

City itself:
Began as large shrine to Caerdik built in years past where some major event
with Caerdik happened.  City grew around shrine.  During siege large portion
of town was sacked.  Through a miracle, the shrine and a small portion of city
around it was saved from destruction.  Armies gathered from the various family
dukies which arrived too late were put to work on construction of an outer
wall the likes of which had never been seen before in Akrios.  Working quaries
for stone, hauling stone, placing stone.  Many workers died in the years
of construction.  Upon it's completion 9 years later many workers remained in
and near Whitetone Keep adding to it's size and strength.  

Ruling class:
Whitestone Keep is ruled jointly by law, though in recent years the high
Praetor of Caerdik has given deference to the King on all matters of the State
and the King, likewise, has given deference to the high Praetor in all matters
of religeon.  The noble families each hold swaths of land which in turn they
behold to barons for military service of their men.  The nobles themselves
mainly reside in Whitestone Keep.  The priests generally stay out of most
things normally relegated to the secular side of rule.  They do not patrol
the streets as the Kings militia does, nor do they hold court.

Society:
Priests of Caerdik are held in high regard.  Almost as nobility, much to the
distress of the ruling Nobles.  Whether to keep the priests in line, or merely
because they are curious the King has decreed all goodly races are allowed
to enter Whitestone Keep, even the overtly feared magic wielders.  The common
folk hold no fear or distrust of the other goodly races though the religious
order believes them to be inferior as Caerdik is the creator of Humankind and
therefor the superior being.  There is one small 'formal' mages guild, though
they cater only to traditional magecraft.  

